Another gloomy sales was over. I was anxious for no reason throughout the day. I could feel my throat constricting while I spoke to customers and even to people I knew. I was finding myself suddenly zoning out and bursting in uncontrollable emotions like laughter or throwing out angry tantrums to shrug off conversations I hadn’t been keeping up with. Eyes everywhere! It’s not helping. For a moment, reminded me times I used to be anxious for my stage performances back in kindergarten and those spelling bee contests in elementary. The late night taxi lines are out of hand and as I was strolling I heard her voice through my blasting headsets.

“Chere!” she shrieked while waving her hands. I turned around to find my first grade math teacher at the taxi line. I froze when she looked at me. I haven’t felt that in years. And, the conversations we were engaging in were short-lived because I was giving short replies and mostly “Dehna” and “Arif nw”. She told me I could tuck myself beside her instead of waiting back in line. Reluctantly, I found myself beside her with mostly silent gaps waiting for a taxi that won’t arrive. The intensity of the awkwardness—your first grade math teacher who thinks you’re still the acer you once had been throughout elementary and high school. Whenever she asked me about my campus classes, I had to make it sound as if I’m handling it well. It felt as if she saw through me, the failure that I am right now. Fighting for a dime day in and day out. Getting brutalized trying to make a living while trying to earn my bachelor’s degree to please my parents. Hiding in my playlists, dry humors, Mary Jane, booth and women throughout the day. I felt vulnerable. What have I become.  Thankfully, my cousin’s phone call broke the silence and I made it seem like I had an urgent matter and left the line to get a cab. I didn’t even properly say goodbye. It feels eerie meeting people from my past who still figure me as a nerdy man making it in life. I’m a failure. And, the burden of everyone’s expectations feels heavy sometimes. And, I don’t know how many of these days I can take. I wish I was an ostrich so I could plunge my head in the ground to escape the incurring chaos that’s haunting me.